c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\bin\Debug\NaNCryptor.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\bin\Debug\NaNCryptor.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\bin\Debug\NaNCryptor.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\bin\Debug\NaNCryptor.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\bin\Debug\NaNCryptor.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\bin\Debug\NaNCryptor.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.g.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NaNCryptor\src\NaNCryptor\obj\Debug\NaNCryptor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
